:memo: Clarify Let's Encrypt limits per env (#2064)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/routes/https.md

More complex routing logic is also possible if the situation calls for it.

{{< note >}}

> Let's Encrypt has a limit of 100 hostnames per certificate.

Reviewer: could we use domains instead of hostnames please?
```suggestion
Let's Encrypt has a limit of 100 domains (to be more precise 100 SAN or Subject Alternative Names) per certificate.
```

Author: @pjcdawkins requested hostnames instead of domains :smile:

Reviewer 2: because

1. A "domain" is already a defined thing you can add to your platform.sh project. Each domain can result in 0 or more names in the TLS certificate, not necessarily 1 name.
1. "Hostname" is the word Let's Encrypt uses on their page:

https://letsencrypt.org/docs/rate-limits/
> You can combine multiple hostnames into a single certificate, up to a limit of 100 Names per Certificate.

Reviewer 3: Solving the thread without applying the suggestion since it makes sense to stick with Let's Encrypt terminology (even if domain would be more what the customer might expect).

> Each of your environments has 1 certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of your environments can have 1 of these automatically provisioned certificates.
```
or
```suggestion
Each of your environments can have 1 Let's Encrypt certificate.
```
